# CS-350

This repository contains the milestone three workspace as well as the final project workspace, which were created using code compose studio.  The milestone three workspace was a project where I was instructed to create code to blink LEDs on a TI CC3220S microcontroller to display morse code messages.  The default message being displayed by the LEDs was "SOS" and after a button is pressed, the message changes to "OK" after the current message is complete.  This project allowed to practice with and become more proficient with creating state machines.  If I had to redo this project I would definitely want to improve the timer functionality and create more efficient code to utilize the timer in the state machine.  From this project, I was able to get better at utilzing timers, callback functions and state machine, which was directly transferable to the final project. 

In the final project for this course, I was instructed to create code that would allow the TI CC3220S microcontroller to function as a basic thermostat.  This included utilizing I2C to allow the program to communicate with the temperature sensors and display temperature data.  Utilizng GPIO to communicate with external components, such as the LEDs, and UART for serial communication with the external device, allowing for data reporting.  For this project, I created a task scheduler, which was made easier by my practice and understanding of state machines in previous assignemnts, as they are very similar.  This project also included button functionality to alter the value of the setPoint variable to change the desired temperature, which was made easier by my practice with button callback functions in previous assignments.  I made this project maintanable and readable by implementing descriptive in line comments and creating clear functions to solve problems.
